---
layout: post
title: About Me Blog
---
As a business-minded student who is creative at heart, I suppose it is no surprise that I found myself majoring in the field of marketing with a particular interest in recruiting, advertising, and promoting.
                                                                                                                                                                     
Perhaps it was fate that in my freshman year of college, the recruiter for CNU’s hockey team would change his position on the Executive Board leaving an absence in that role. As a freshman eager to prove himself I volunteered to fill the position. Looking back, I am not sure whether it was actually my desire to impress the upperclassmen on the team or more my passion for recruitment and marketing that led me to spend hours each day contacting potential recruits and expanding the team’s [social media presence](https://www.instagram.com/cnuicehockey/).
                                                                                                                                                                     
This act of fate ignited a passion to pursue a marketing major and career, but it did not come without a cost. The daily hours of work I spent on the Executive Board negatively impacted my freshmen year grades. With applications for the [Luter Business School](https://cnu.edu/academics/departments/business/) fast approaching and a competitive GPA requirement needing to be met, I prioritized grades while continuing my recruitment.
                                                                                                                                                                     
Through determination and hard work, I was able to gain entry into the business school. With my ability to study marketing secured I could now pursue so many of the things that I was previously unable to due to my fear of not getting into Luter.
                                                                                                                                                                     
From the end of my sophomore year to the beginning of junior year, I have followed my passion for marketing in many different ways. In order to gain knowledge about the digital side of marketing, I decided to pursue a [Digital Humanities](https://dhdebates.gc.cuny.edu/read/untitled-88c11800-9446-469b-a3be-3fdb36bfbd1e/section/f5640d43-b8eb-4d49-bc4b-eb31a16f3d06) Minor. One of the first classes I took toward achieving this minor was a graphic design class and it was one of the best things I ever did. By learning about programs like Illustrator and Photoshop I acquired new skills and gained confidence in my social media abilities. From there I have begun using additional [Adobe programs](https://www.groovypost.com/reviews/adobe-programs-explained/), such as Lightroom and Dimension, to produce products that I am especially proud of.
                                                                                                                                                                     
In addition to running social media for CNU’s hockey team, I accepted a marketing position on CNU’s newly formed Sport Club Council and am currently responsible for the [CNUrec Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cnurec/) account. I have also applied for a social media position in the American Marketing Association’s CNU Chapter.
                                                                                                                                                                     
These academic and club opportunities have not only given me real-life experience in social media, advertising, marketing, graphic design, teamwork, and communications, but taught me some very valuable lessons about time management and prioritizing.

